feature/SM-7388-Filter GET hs2ActLimit endpoint by phase (#798)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/versions-and-changes/v3/changelog.md

This section lists any significant changes made to this document (and by extension, the API interfaces themselves) introduced by each recent and upcoming future release.
{: .govuk-body}

Version 3.8 (19/08/2021):
{: .govuk-heading-s #v3-8}

Updated GeoJson API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}
<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">

>   <li>SM-7388: Phase Parameter added to GeoJson <code>GET​ /hs2-act-limits</code> endpoint to allow selection of HS2 Phase 1 or HS2 Phase 2a act limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>SM-7388: New required paramater <code>phase</code> added to <code>GET​ /hs2-act-limits</code> endpoint to allow selection of HS2 Phase 1 or HS2 Phase 2a act limits.
```
Or some way of wording that it is mandatory
